Thank you for buying me a closet full of new clothes
Pretty, huh?
It just broke up.
Isn't this canary too clingy?
Except for money and body
Others are not dangerous
Sheng Nuan's homework was sent to me and sorted out uniformly.
I don't understand why because someone reported it.
He has to do it all over again
The whistleblower said that Shengnuan
You did the homework this time.
It was Yao Shanshan who reported you
teacher
Did you do the homework yourself this time?
Of course, I heard that someone reported me.
I don't know if there is any evidence provided?
I'll take care of the whistleblower.
But the teacher wants you to understand
with
False excellence
Teachers prefer to see your true level
Only in this way, it doesn't matter, teacher.
I can adapt the last assignment live.
on-site adaptation
OK